fix: `$env/*/private` importable in client (#6018)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/funny-radios-attend.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> fix: \$env/\*/private are no longer importable in client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[fix] Prevent import of `$env/*/private` in client
```
